What is that?
I don't know who that is.
i dont know..
I build houses off tutorials. That's about it.
not really no
It's not my interest.
I'm not interested in that because architecture is not my thing.
I love this shit. I love this shit.
Of course you can. I love Seishun. She's really smart.
I could tell.
That's not supposed to be an answer, it's just a statement.
I'm glad you could tell.
I don't actually do that, actually.
I don't do that.
I go home and I do my shower.
Why you give me that guy?
You're so funny. hahahaha
You are funny.
What are you on, day two?
(****)
Oh, you're on day four still then.
You're on day 4 still, you haven't said anything nice.
That's so big.
You're so fake. You don't actually mean that. That's not genuine.
okay but you only say this because I asked you to say it
I will say you're funny because out of the genuineness of my heart
Yeah, we want to talk about Minecraft a bit.
I don't know, you chose the topic.
Yeah, you did.
I said sure. I said sure.
because you suggested it sure implies that like it's okay to be gay
Like, I wouldn't prefer, but I'm not really against it either.
I know.
Can you stop doing that?
At least my forehead's not over me all the time.
(****)
That's five. That's five.
Day 5!
What I enjoy most about Minecraft is...
I like fishing, I already said that but...
Oh I like reading the animals.
And then you kill them for food.
I really like killing the animals and like cooking their meat.
hhahahaha
hahahhaa
Me too, but like, it's like..
I feel like it's just a vibe because when he opens the gate, it's like...
It's like necessary for survival. So it's like just a part of the game.
What if I'm out in the wild and there's like no villages nearby, what am I supposed to do?
What if I'm like on the moon? What if I'm a nomad? Do I do?
Really? Can I fact check you on that? Okay.
I will. Okay.
Nerd.
I'm mocking you as part of the insult.
what?
I didn't say anything
So, what do you enjoy the most?about minecraft
Were you good at it?
Are you sure it's not because you're on pocket?
Like, genuinely, if you played Bedrock, like, Windows 10, like, I think it'd be easier.
You do that too, and-
bedrock windows 10..yeah
like you're like limited(***)